README.md, before:

# LycheeThings SmartSlydr Cloud -- Custom Integration

[![GitHub Release][releases-shield]][releases]
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE)

_Integration to integrate with [integration_blueprint][integration_blueprint]._

**This integration will set up the following platforms.**

Platform | Description
-- | --
`cover` | Every window opener will be represented as one individual cover. 0 is closed, 100% is open.

## Installation

1. Using the tool of choice open the directory (folder) for your HA configuration (where you find `configuration.yaml`).
1. If you do not have a `custom_components` directory (folder) there, you need to create it.
1. In the `custom_components` directory (folder) create a new folder called `integration_blueprint`.
1. Download _all_ the files from the `custom_components/integration_blueprint/` directory (folder) in this repository.
1. Place the files you downloaded in the new directory (folder) you created.
1. Restart Home Assistant
1. In the HA UI go to "Configuration" -> "Integrations" click "+" and search for "Integration blueprint"

## Configuration is done in the UI

<!---->

## Contributions are welcome!

If you want to contribute to this please read the [Contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)

***

[integration_blueprint]: https://github.com/holger81/ha_smartslydr_cloud_custom
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/holger81/ha_smartslydr_cloud_custom.svg?style=for-the-badge
[commits]: https://github.com/holger81/ha_smartslydr_cloud_custom/commits/main
[exampleimg]: example.png
[forum-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/community-forum-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forum]: https://community.home-assistant.io/
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/ludeeus/integration_blueprint.svg?style=for-the-badge
[releases-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/holger81/ha_smartslydr_cloud_custom.svg?style=for-the-badge
[releases]: https://github.com/holger81/ha_smartslydr_cloud_custom/releases

Commit message:

Fixed minor HACS requirements. Added praise

README.md, after:

# LycheeThings SmartSlydr Cloud -- Custom Integration

[![GitHub Release][releases-shield]][releases]
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE)

_Integration to integrate with [integration_blueprint][integration_blueprint]._

**This integration will set up the following platforms.**

Platform | Description
-- | --
`cover` | Every window opener will be represented as one individual cover. 0 is closed, 100% is open.

## Installation

### Pre-installation steps
1. Navigate to https://my.home-assistant.io/ and make sure the Home Assistant Instance
   is configured correctly to point to your local Home Assistant instance.
2. Power on all your SmartSlydr devices.
3. Turn **OFF** the wifi on your phone and make sure all the appliances are operational in the LycheeThings mobile app.

### Installation
1. The esiest way to install the integration is using HACS. Just click the
   button bellow and follow the instructions:
   [![Open your Home Assistant instance and open a repository inside the Home Assistant Community Store.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/hacs_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?owner=ekutner&repository=home-connect-hass)
   Alternatively, go to Settings -> Devices & Services in Home Assistance and click the "Add Integration" button. Search for "SmartSlydr" and install it.
2. Next you will be asked to provide the LycheeThings app credentials you
   created erlier.
3. Congratulations, you're done!
   SmartSlydr Cloud will now start downloading the data for your
   SmartSlydr devices and will add the entities for them to Home Assistant.
   Note that the integration dynamically discoveres entities as they are made available by the API, so expect new entities to be added in the first few uses of the appliances.


## Configuration is done in the UI

<!---->

## Contributions are welcome!

If you want to contribute to this please read the [Contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Thank you!

This integration was only possible because of the great work by Jay Basen (https://github.com/jbasen/Crestron-SmartSlydr).

***

[integration_blueprint]: https://github.com/holger81/ha_smartslydr_cloud_custom
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/holger81/ha_smartslydr_cloud_custom.svg?style=for-the-badge
[commits]: https://github.com/holger81/ha_smartslydr_cloud_custom/commits/main
[exampleimg]: example.png
[forum-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/community-forum-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forum]: https://community.home-assistant.io/
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/ludeeus/integration_blueprint.svg?style=for-the-badge
[releases-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/holger81/ha_smartslydr_cloud_custom.svg?style=for-the-badge
[releases]: https://github.com/holger81/ha_smartslydr_cloud_custom/releases
